update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-grid-combobox-column-in-callback-mode: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET MVC - How to use a combo box column in callback mode
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4976/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to create a column editor, bind it to a data source, and configure the editor's callback functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create a column editor, bind it to a data source, and configure editor callback requirements.
```

});
```

> Use the [MVCxColumnComboBoxProperties](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.MVCxColumnComboBoxProperties) class to specify the editor's settings. Call the [BindList](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.MVCxColumnComboBoxProperties.BindList.overloads) method to bind the column to a data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [MVCxColumnComboBoxProperties](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.MVCxColumnComboBoxProperties) class to specify editor settings. Call the [BindList](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.MVCxColumnComboBoxProperties.BindList.overloads) method to bind the column to a data source.
```
